ee/taltech/website/exception/InvalidBookingException.java
 ee.taltech.website.exception.InvalidBookingException
ee/taltech/website/a_theory/question6/vineyard/Wine.java
 ee.taltech.website.a_theory.question6.vineyard.Wine
ee/taltech/website/a_theory/question2/Gradle.java
 ee.taltech.website.a_theory.question2.Gradle
ee/taltech/website/RoomsApplicationInit.java
 ee.taltech.website.RoomsApplicationInit
ee/taltech/website/controller/RoomsController.java
 ee.taltech.website.controller.RoomsController
ee/taltech/website/exception/InvalidRoomException.java
 ee.taltech.website.exception.InvalidRoomException
ee/taltech/website/a_theory/question6/vineyard/Vineyard.java
 ee.taltech.website.a_theory.question6.vineyard.Vineyard
ee/taltech/website/controller/BookingsController.java
 ee.taltech.website.controller.BookingsController
ee/taltech/website/a_theory/question5/ApplicationLayers.java
 ee.taltech.website.a_theory.question5.ApplicationLayers
ee/taltech/website/service/RoomsService.java
 ee.taltech.website.service.RoomsService
ee/taltech/website/a_theory/question6/sheep/Sheep.java
 ee.taltech.website.a_theory.question6.sheep.Sheep
ee/taltech/website/dto/RoomDto.java
 ee.taltech.website.dto.RoomDto
ee/taltech/website/exception/RoomNotFoundException.java
 ee.taltech.website.exception.RoomNotFoundException
ee/taltech/website/a_theory/question1/Compilation.java
 ee.taltech.website.a_theory.question1.Compilation
ee/taltech/website/exception/InvalidSearchException.java
 ee.taltech.website.exception.InvalidSearchException
ee/taltech/website/b_theory/question11/Nr2isO.java
 ee.taltech.website.b_theory.question11.CalculateArea
 ee.taltech.website.b_theory.question11.CalculateAreaInterface
 ee.taltech.website.b_theory.question11.CircleArea
 ee.taltech.website.b_theory.question11.Nr2isO
 ee.taltech.website.b_theory.question11.RectangleArea
 ee.taltech.website.b_theory.question11.TriangleArea
ee/taltech/website/a_theory/question3/Abstraction.java
 ee.taltech.website.a_theory.question3.Abstraction
 ee.taltech.website.a_theory.question3.Abstraction$Cat
ee/taltech/website/a_theory/question6/art/Painting.java
 ee.taltech.website.a_theory.question6.art.Painting
ee/taltech/website/service/AvailabilityService.java
 ee.taltech.website.service.AvailabilityService
ee/taltech/website/controller/AvailabilityDataController.java
 ee.taltech.website.controller.AvailabilityDataController
ee/taltech/website/b_theory/question11/Nr4isI.java
 ee.taltech.website.b_theory.question11.Nr4isI
ee/taltech/website/b_theory/question11/FirstReadMeSOLID.java
 ee.taltech.website.b_theory.question11.FirstReadMeSOLID
ee/taltech/website/a_theory/question4/DependencyInjection.java
 ee.taltech.website.a_theory.question4.DependencyInjection
ee/taltech/website/b_theory/question11/Nr1isS.java
 ee.taltech.website.b_theory.question11.Nr1isS
 ee.taltech.website.b_theory.question11.PayCalculator
 ee.taltech.website.b_theory.question11.User
 ee.taltech.website.b_theory.question11.UserServiceAfter
 ee.taltech.website.b_theory.question11.UserServiceBefore
ee/taltech/website/b_theory/question11/Nr3isL.java
 ee.taltech.website.b_theory.question11.ColonyShip
 ee.taltech.website.b_theory.question11.Fighter
 ee.taltech.website.b_theory.question11.Nr3isL
 ee.taltech.website.b_theory.question11.Spaceship
ee/taltech/website/model/Room.java
 ee.taltech.website.model.Room
ee/taltech/website/model/Booking.java
 ee.taltech.website.model.Booking
ee/taltech/website/b_theory/question9/Docker.java
 ee.taltech.website.b_theory.question9.Docker
ee/taltech/website/dto/DataToSearchBy.java
 ee.taltech.website.dto.DataToSearchBy
ee/taltech/website/b_theory/question8/CD.java
 ee.taltech.website.b_theory.question8.CD
ee/taltech/website/a_theory/question6/sheep/SheepFarm.java
 ee.taltech.website.a_theory.question6.sheep.SheepFarm
ee/taltech/website/WebsiteApplication.java
 ee.taltech.website.WebsiteApplication
ee/taltech/website/a_theory/question6/chocolate/Chocolate.java
 ee.taltech.website.a_theory.question6.chocolate.Chocolate
ee/taltech/website/b_theory/question7/CI.java
 ee.taltech.website.b_theory.question7.CI
ee/taltech/website/a_theory/question6/art/ArtCollector.java
 ee.taltech.website.a_theory.question6.art.ArtCollector
ee/taltech/website/exception/BookingNotFoundException.java
 ee.taltech.website.exception.BookingNotFoundException
ee/taltech/website/b_theory/question11/Nr5isD.java
 ee.taltech.website.b_theory.question11.Nr5isD
ee/taltech/website/b_theory/question10/DBaaS.java
 ee.taltech.website.b_theory.question10.DBaaS
ee/taltech/website/config/SwaggerConfig.java
 ee.taltech.website.config.SwaggerConfig
ee/taltech/website/a_theory/question6/chocolate/Cake.java
 ee.taltech.website.a_theory.question6.chocolate.Cake
ee/taltech/website/service/BookingsService.java
 ee.taltech.website.service.BookingsService
ee/taltech/website/repository/BookingsRepository.java
 ee.taltech.website.repository.BookingsRepository
ee/taltech/website/repository/RoomsRepository.java
 ee.taltech.website.repository.RoomsRepository
